[Music]
ten facts about the female body very few
people know about the human body is
truly fascinating even though we've come
to understand a lot about it there's
still so much more to learn this is
especially true about the female body
it's a mystery wrapped in an enigma if
you're ready to find out more about
women and their physiology then let's
get started
but Before we jump in don't forget to
subscribe to our channel and hit that
little notification bell so that you
won't miss any of our new videos
number 10 their necks are more flexible
have you ever noticed how women and men
turn when they're called pay attention
next time and you'll see that men turn
their whole bodies while women just turn
their heads the reason for this
difference lies in the much more elastic
muscle structure in the female body
however this does mean that ladies
should be extra careful while turning
their heads according to a study from
Loyola University Medical Center women
are 1.3 eight times more likely than men
to report neck pain due to cervical
degenerative disc disease this condition
is a common cause for neck pain
stiffness burning or numbness and
surrounding tissue if this sounds
familiar to you definitely have your
doctor check it out immediately
number 9 women have sensitive hearing
even while sleeping another aspect of
being a woman is having way more
sensitive hearing and that's thanks to
the evolutionary process from a
biological point of view a woman's ear
is hypersensitive to noises during sleep
so that mom can always hear and respond
to her crying baby if it's in a
different room of course anybody man or
woman would be awakened by a baby
screaming right next to them this
sensitivity is mostly to high-pitched
noises so it's not like most women are
woken up by every single noise in the
night like a squirrel running up a
nearby tree or a leaf falling on the
ground
besides having superpower hearing at
night researchers at Australia's sleep
GP clinic have confirmed that women are
also more prone to have sleep disorders
that are often associated with daytime
sleepiness this in turn is linked to
chronic fatigue depression and memory
problems well you win some you lose some
number eight one of their breasts is
bigger than the other this size
difference can either be practically
invisible or pretty noticeable but
either way there's really nothing to
worry about
nobody has absolutely symmetrical
breasts and there are a lot of different
reasons for that for one it could be a
difference in the volume of breast
tissue the size or shape of the breast
pocket or even the skins elasticity on
each breast whatever the case it's
completely natural and normal they're
all beautiful no matter what their shape
or size don't you think number seven
women are more rational than men despite
common opinion that women are more
emotional and men are more rational
science says otherwise psychologist
Stewart Richie and his team of
researchers found that the human brain
has a much thicker cerebral cortex than
the male brain does this is the region
of the brain associated with higher
scores on a variety of cognitive and
general intelligence tests meanwhile men
have been found to have higher brain
volumes which plays a big role in
emotions so take that gender stereotypes
number six women are more prone to
having cellulite and that isn't a bad
thing by modern societal standards of
beauty cellulite is perceived as
something that one should be ashamed of
and the fact that ninety-eight percent
of people with cellulite are ladies
versus only two percent who are men just
puts even more pressure on women to look
a certain way but let's start off by
getting a couple of things straight
cellulite isn't a medical term and it's
not at all a sign of obesity or weight
problems instead it's just a sign of a
mature female body according to
statistics only one
forty women doesn't have this kind of
accumulation of fat on their upper
thighs and buttocks yet we still keep
hearing about the wrong fat and the
built-up toxins that our bodies can't
cope with
in fact fat tissue plays an important
role in the production of hormones
including estrogens these hormones
promote the development and maintenance
of female characteristics in the human
body so you can imagine how important
they are plus the societal view of
cellulite as some kind of unsightly
problem isn't even fifty years old so
should we really stress out about it
when the stunning Marilyn Monroe didn't
yeah I don't think so either
number five they get drunk faster than
men you surely notice that most women
have a lower tolerance to alcohol than
their male compadres well this is
basically due to the fact that the
female body has less water in its
tissues than the male body according to
researchers from the University School
of Medicine and Trieste Italy this
difference in water levels means that
women get drunk faster because their
body are less able to digest the alcohol
before it reaches the bloodstream less
water in the tissues is also connected
with a tendency of women to sweat way
less than men this can be a good good
thing but it's also the reason why most
ladies don't tolerate the heat so well
another study at Ireland School of
Medicine and medical science found that
because of the lower water level and
therefore smaller volume of blood women
also have 12% lower hemoglobin levels
than men
pretty interesting stuff huh number four
they form stronger attachments to people
we already mentioned how studies show
that women's brains are built to be more
rational but that doesn't mean that
their emotional side is lacking women
connect with people on a much deeper
level than men do and scientifically
speaking it's because they have higher
oxytocin levels oxytocin is the
so-called love or cuddle hormone and
it's released when you bond with someone
socially it promotes attachment
solidifies relay
and chips and eases stress it's also
responsible for creating mother-child
bonds and even for breastfeeding so if
you need some emotional support call a
gal pal
number three women's bodies keep
changing even into their 20s if you
think that once puberty is over your
body is done going through major changes
then think again women's bodies continue
to change and grow even into their 20s
that's some good news for you if you've
had some crazy irresponsible teen years
as far as healthy habits are concerned
it's never too late to improve your
lifestyle as cliche as it might sound
you've got to eat healthy include more
bananas and almonds in your diet since
they're rich in bone strengthening
calcium that's especially useful for the
ladies since women are more prone to
bone health issues like osteoporosis
later in life exercising is also a great
way to strengthen your muscles and keep
you mobile but it's not only about the
body the brain changes to more
specifically your prefrontal cortex
keeps developing into your 20s which
means that chances are you'll get better
at decision-making during this period
number two their brains are more
intricately hardwired dr. Ragini Verma a
professor at University of Pennsylvania
together with her team of researchers
used special imaging technology to study
the neural pathways in the brains of 428
males and 521 females aged 8 to 22 and
they came to some interesting
conclusions it turns out that the left
and right hemispheres and women's brains
are more interconnected than those of
men this means that women are faster at
socially connecting with people and get
used to routine much easier sounds like
the scientific explanation of why men
are from Mars and women are from Venus
our brains just work differently number
one blonde hair is more common among
Caucasian women than Caucasian men
according to a study published in Nature
Genetics
women of European descent are twice as
likely to be natural blonde compared to
men
while Caucasian men are three times more
likely to have black hair than women the
cause of these trends is still unknown
but the researchers do have some
theories they think it's probably due to
the fact that blonde genes present at
birth are more persistent in females and
usually disappear in males as they grow
up in my studies the scientists also
found pigment genes to be linked with
stress and hormones again these are all
just educated guesses as for now experts
are calling this phenomenon an
intriguing mystery speaking of mysteries
we have a little bonus for you the
Enigma of female body language whether
or not it's scientific fact or guesswork
based on reoccurring trends a woman's
body language can say a lot about her
feelings for example if a woman is
interested in what her conversation
partner is saying she tends to stand
with her shoulders lowered and her hands
clasped together on the contrary
arms crossed over the chest show she'd
rather be elsewhere than talking to a
certain person keeping your hands below
chin level invisible is considered
attractive and polite in all kinds of
situations including social business and
romantic ones
well our body can definitely reveal more
about us than even we know or mean to
show so which of these facts surprised
you the most tell me in the comments
below and don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life